Document table redirection concept for the lakehouse connectors (#13773)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/delta-lake.rst

No other types are supported.

.. _delta-lake-table-redirection:

Table redirection
-----------------

.. include:: table-redirection.fragment

> The connector supports redirecting the query to :doc:`/connector/hive`
> through the configuration setting ``delta.hive-catalog-name``
> when dealing with a non Delta Lake table.

Reviewer: Phrasing nit, but I defer to the docs team. I find it clearer to put the situation you're addressing at the beginning of the sentence rather than at the end. 

```suggestion
When dealing with a non Delta Lake table, the connector supports redirecting queries to :doc:`/connector/hive`
using the configuration setting ``delta.hive-catalog-name``.
```
